thank you james
thank you very much for inviting me on
to this call i will
keep to less than five minutes because
clearly a lot of people want quite
rightly to pay tribute to david and nika
thank you so much for inviting me and
laura to attend this and to speak at
this event because uh
it's hard to believe that this time has
passed since david went away from us
and i just want to say thank you to you
and to james and so many others
for what you've done to commemorate
david's life but also a huge thank you
to david for his solidarity he gave me
many times during my period under
enormous pressure from
right-wing media and many other sources
in this country and indeed in this world
david had this amazing imagination an
imagination to challenge the
economic norms to promote the occupy
movement to empower people and to reach
across
those that were committed anti-racist
fighters that were committed
environmentalists but also committed to
representing workers often in very
difficult industries and quite polluting
places so david had this imagination
that could bring people together and
make the economic alternatives to
free market capitalism to greed to
overconsumption to damage the
environment something that was
understood and popular and so david may
not have left behind huge amounts of
physical achievements in reality very
few of us do but he left behind was a
message of imagination and of hope and
look at the people on this call together
we just heard
on behalf of the indigenous peoples of
mexico and indeed indigenous peoples of
many other parts of the world that david
spoke up for just as much as he spoke up
for the oppressed of inner city britain
what david did was inspired and changed
minds
and if you've changed minds and given
inspiration then you've actually laid
the seeds for a long-term much more
hopeful much more participatory future
for all of us nika james thank you very
much for putting on today and in david's
memory
let's do that work let's do that work to
bring about an environmentally
sustainable world which means
challenging the concept of eternal
growth and eternal growth in consumption
because you can't have that and
environmental sustainability at the same
time david knew that and understood that
and it's up to all of us to learn his
lesson but above all the wonderful
brilliant open mind that he had
i'm not surprised that woody guthrie was
a family friend it kind of all fits
together david thanks so much nika
thanks so much james thank you for
hosting today's event